You need a front-end cold traffic offer.
So, let's make a quick distinguishment
between the land of warm traffic and the
land of cold traffic. Those guys you see
with these kind of vague offers and
everything's kind of like easy for them
and they're like, "Yeah, bro. I signed a
bunch of clients and I don't use any
kind of guarantees or anything like
that." What they're doing is that they
have traffic coming to them. It's people
who already know, like, and trust them.
It's an audience of people that they
have nurtured either spending tens of
thousands or hundreds of thousands of
dollars or ads or the same via content
and have waited years in order to
establish this. But what if you're
somebody who has not done that? What if
you're kind of more in the beginner
stages and you don't have astronomical
amounts of people following you? You're
not like an established authority figure
in the market. You don't have people
just coming to you for whatever reason
and you need to sign clients right now.
What happens is these people in the land
of warm traffic say, "Oh, you don't need
any of that crazy guarantee stuff or
whatever. You don't need to do any of
that while they sit here and just only
work their inbound traffic and never
work with cold traffic ever." Right? But
you don't have an option for that. If
you don't have a bunch of followers and
already a market authority, you have to
close cold traffic. And that is
fundamentally what I'm going to talk to
you about today is you need a front-end
cold traffic offer. Because what you've
been doing up to this point is you see
somebody who's making all of their money
via warm traffic. You copy their offer,
you try to work that offer on cold and
it doesn't work and you're like, "Why
isn't this working?" And you're
completely confused. It's because you
can't do what they're doing because you
don't have what they have, right? What
is a front-end cold traffic offer?
Right? So, I want to give you a quick
distinguishment like analogy to imagine
this, right? A front-end cold traffic
offer is when you're like an absolute 10
out of 10 baddy walking down the street
or like in the bar or something like
that and people are just staring at you.
you've never spoken to them before ever.
Like how many relationships in the world
develop just because based off like
proximity like you're in the same friend
groups or you go to the same church or
your co-workers. This is generally how
relationships form, right? But there's a
category of humans on the planet who
just walk into any establishment or
whatever. People just stare at them and
come up to them or completely head over
heels in love with them immediately
without them doing anything at all.
That's what a front-end cold traffic
offer is, right? Because you have an
absence of warm traffic. What that
fundamentally means is that you don't go
to church, you don't have a friend
group, you don't have co-workers. This
would be the equivalent of that. It's
just turning yourself into somebody who
is so wildly attractive that people just
immediately fall in love with you. They
just want to date you. That's what this
is. So, let's break down what the actual
syntax of this is saying. Front-end cold
traffic offer. Why am I specifying
front-end? Because there are specific
offers that you can sell to people that
only work as an upsell or cross-ell or a
sale that occurs after they've already
become a customer. What's an example of
this? It would be something like, "Hey,
I'll run your Google ads." with like no
claim behind it. Cold Traffic is not
just going to pay you money to run their
Google ads with no specification of the
exact kind of results that they can get
or a risk reversal to ensure that they
don't lose money. That's something that
somebody would buy if you had already
produced results for them on another
product that they purchased. That was a
front-end cold traffic offer. Let me
give you an actual example of one client
I had who could not make this
distinguishment in his mind. So, I was
talking to him and he's telling me that
he wanted to sell like data analytics
services, funnel analytics where like he
reports stats of like marketing funnels
and whatnot. And I was like, why do you
want to sell this? Why do you think this
is something that can be sold? And he
says, well, I already worked at an
agency and we do this for the clients
and the clients buy this from us. And I
go, "Do you sell that on the front end
as a front-end cold traffic offer?" And
that's the first thing the clients buy.
And he thought about it. He's like,
"No." And I'm like, "Okay, well, how are
they getting clients? What is the offer
the clients are buying for this agency
you work for? How are they even getting
there in the first place?" He had just a
normal job where he just did the data
analytics. And he goes, "Well, we sell
them webinar funnels." I'm like, "Oh,
okay. So, how is the webinar funnel
being sold?" He go, "Oh, well, we're
guaranteeing that the webinar will
convert at this amount." and they make
this much money or they get this much
rorowass on the front end of the webinar
and then when we start the webinar like
I'm the person doing the data analytics
for them and I was like okay okay got
it. So we can make the establishment
here that your data analysis data
analytics offer is not a front-end cold
traffic offer. It's the buildout of a
webinar funnel that is the front-end
cold traffic offer. You are making the
client new money, right? It's not doing
something with something that they
already have and just showing them
numbers and no one's paying you for
that. That's not a front-end cold
traffic offer. This is like a
supplemental thing. That's a nice to
have off of the back of a front-end cold
traffic offer. Massive distinguishment
here because I told him you're never
going to make any money if you're trying
to sell this little data analytics thing
as a front-end cold traffic offer
because there's no market demand for it
as a front-end offer. Cold traffic does
not want to purchase this from you. It's
really that simple. So, let's break down
how you might create a front-end cold
traffic offer and some kind of little
tricks or hacks I found to making sure
this happen. There's a couple different
avenues that you can go down with this,
but the most tried and true one is by
promising a specific quantifiable result
and then putting a risk reversal on that
result. So, what do I mean by a specific
quantifiable result? So, first is that a
lot of you guys might think that say
you're an advertising agency and you
sell meta ads and you think you can just
say like, hey, we run your meta ad and
like we're really good experts. So, if I
tell the clients that like we're really
good experts and I talk about how many
years of experience we have, like
they're going to buy it from us because
they know we're experts. No, everybody
is an expert. And know what does this do
when you're saying, "Oh, I'm an expert.
We're our team of experts and we get
really good results." What is this
doing? This is all about you. We're
this. We are this. I am this. I am this.
I am this. I am. It's not focusing on
the client. What does the client want?
Because the client doesn't want to spend
money on meta ads. What is the real
thing that the client wants for spending
their money on meta ads? It's sales.
It's new customers for their business,
right? So, what does that mean? It means
that we need to stop focusing on what
the thing is and we need to focus on
what they want where it's like, "Hey,
here's more customers. I can give you
more customers." And then what's the
question that they're going to ask?
Well, how many customers? And you're
going to say, "This much." And they're
going to say, "Well, what's the amount
of profit I can make in that cuz I can't
put like 10,000 in and only get 10,000
back cuz then I had to pay you cuz then
I'm losing money, right?" So, now
they're asking like, "Well, am I going
to make a profit?" That's where you come
in. And that's what you say is I can do
this for you, get you this result. You
see what I mean? It's a specific
quantifiable promise. Right now, what's
the second thing that's going to occur
when a client is presented with this
opportunity? What's the first thing that
they're going to ask? They're going to
say, "Well, what if it doesn't work?"
Cuz you're out here and you say, "You
give me $3,000 and we're going to go
spend like $3,000 on meta ads and I'm
going to get you this result." And
they're like, "Okay, yeah, cool. That
sounds good. But what if I don't get
that result after I just I'm out six
grand." So now what happened? You get
what I'm saying? Now you have a risk
reversal. If you don't get the result
and you've done everything that like
would otherwise need to be done on your
end, like you fulfilled your
obligations, it purely was me who could
not get the result, then I'll give you
my retainer feedback. Right? So now what
do you get to say? You get to say, "Hey,
I'll guarantee that you get a three
times return running ads through me or
you don't pay." Right? Cool.
Congratulations. You have a front-end
cold traffic offer. Right? That's how
cold traffic converts. Then there's
other kind of avenues that you could
play with this. So you could do like a
performance basis. So, a lot of people
in the lead generation space do this
where some people might try to get a
retainer and be like, "Hey, you give me
$3,000 and I'll promise you 10
appointments." Right? Everyone says that
though. So, you need to take it a step
further. In which case, it would be,
"Hey, you give me $3,000, I'll promise
you 10 appointments and if you don't get
the 10 appointments, I'll give you a
refund for the ones who for the
appointments that weren't booked. Now,
you're effectively a performance base
and there's a risk reversal." But you
could take this even a step further. You
could say, "Hey, you pay me as I get the
appointments booked." So, there's no
3,000 upfront. It's like, "Hey, I book
you an appointment, you give me $300. I
book you the next appointment, you pay
me $300. I book you the next
appointment, you pay me $300." So now
it's a performance basis. Now, this is
even less risky for the client because
they don't have to batch give you a
bunch of money, they pay as the results
occur, so it's less risky for them.
Again, if you're selling to cold
traffic, everybody is always going to
default to the least risky option. In
fact, not only will they default to the
least risky option, they'll also default
to just simply the cheapest option. So,
let me give you a for instance of this.
Let's say there's a coaching program and
then there's somebody with a course.
Let's say there's only two people in the
market. One person sells a $3,000
coaching offer and one person sells a
$97 ebook and course and case study
combo, right? And now let's say that the
case studies, the average result of the
coaching program is like 90%. Like
everyone gets phenomenal results and
they all get like a 10x return like on
the coaching program. And then let's say
the $97 product has like a very low
success rate. like not really many
people get results and when they do get
results it's like okay, you know what I
mean? It's not like the craziest thing
ever. Presented with these two
opportunities. Cold traffic is going to
100% of the time the $97 option. Why?
Because it's the lowest absolute amount
of risk. Most people do not have like
that it factor. They're willing to take
a bet on themselves. So they always go
with the least risky option possible.
Right? This is why people never hit
their potential in their life because
they're completely unwilling to
experience or take any risk in any form.
And it's why they all live mediocre
lives and don't accomplish anything
magnificent at all ever in any regard.
That's their business, their
relationships, their their personal life
in any capacity. They do nothing
magnificent at all. This is the default
state of humans, right? And your job as
a marketer and salesperson and a
business owner is to do your best, just
to do your absolute best to maneuver and
finagle your way into getting and
convincing and persuading these people
to just take the risk and do what
actually is mathematically best for
them. they're not going to do it on
their own. You get what I'm saying?
Recap. If you don't have a tremendous
amount of market authority and if you
need clients right now, you need to have
a front-end cold traffic offer, right?
And then when you have a front-end cold
traffic offer, you're able to sell it
and scale it with cold DMs and cold
email cuz it's super easy to sell
specifically to cold traffic on the
front end. You see what I mean? Now,
we're putting on a 5-day live challenge
that is specifically for people who want
to develop front-end cold traffic offer
and then scale their business with cold
DMs and cold emails using that front-end
cold traffic offer. What I mean is like
exactly what to say in messages, exactly
how to run the sales process, exactly
how to systematize and onboard the
clients, then exactly how to scale with
warm traffic after it has already been
improved and like what to say in your
offer and how exactly to structure it
based on the thing you're selling right
now at all. It's an amazing product.
It's called the Get Clients Challenge.
You can scan that thing right there or
it's the first link in the description.
At the time of this filming, over like
350 people have gone through it. We have
people who get clients that week, like
literally the week of the challenge.
Like day three, they've signed a client.
They're booking sales calls. It's so
easy when you figure this out. You get
your front-end cold traffic offer,
right? And there's a whole group for
this, too, cuz you're going to be
posting it with homework. It's an actual
challenge, right? Like you're doing
stuff during this, right? You get your
offer. Day two is when we write outreach
scripts and you start sending outreach
on day two, right? And we get people
booking calls on day two, legitimately
like 48 hours after it starts. It's
insane. People are signing clients that
week, right? So, if you're interested in
actually doing this and signing up for
this challenge and actually doing the
thing and following along, submitting
the homework, doing the challenges, scan
that thing, click the first link in the
description. I'll see you over there.
Leave a comment, like the video,
whatever. Peace. So of you.